
CONTACT US
Email
sales@decksdocksandthings.com
Phone
386-986-0087
Address
Saint Augustine, FL 32084


About Us


EXCELLENCE AND PROFESSIONALISM
Decks Docks & Things LLC. builds custom decks, docks, piers, bulkheads, seawalls and boatlifts throughout Saint Johns, Flagler and Duvall Counties. It is our mandate to exceed your expectations in everything we do. We build marine ready durable, multi-purpose spaces for your business and home.

Personal Approach
Always a great addition to any home, decks docks are becoming more versatile and are in use practically year round. With your imagination and our expertise, you’re ultimate outdoor hangout for your family is a phone call away. Just about anything is possible! We specialize in designing and building very special outdoor spaces that are a reflection of the personalities of the people that use them. Decks and docks can be complicated engineering projects, we have the experience, equipment and qualifications necessary to bring your vision to a reality.




Services 



Custom Decks and Docks
There is no project too big or too small for us. We'll work hard to add your own touch of character to each build through our distinctive attention to quality and craftsmanship. We can build classy and stylish at the same time as rugged and durable. DD&T provides a variety of materials, patterns and colors to complement your home.

Bulkheads and Seawalls
Bulkheads and seawalls can be complicated structures and the experts at DD&T know the necessary steps it takes to ensure yours will be long-lasting and attractive. With the knowledge and equipment to install the advanced materials and technologies needed to produce a low-maintenance, highly-durable barrier that meets all your retention needs and more. 

Boatlifts and Things
From boatlifts, deck lifts, and personal water craft lifts to outdoor kitchens with BBQs and fire pits and more...  If you can dream it, we can build it.

Working with a budget?
DD&T works to provide you a stress-free and affordable outdoor living space solution that checks all the boxes of your must-have list. From start to finish, we strive to provide complete customer satisfaction and an incredible space you can be proud of for many years to come. Contact us for a free consultation today!
No One Beats Our Custom Deck Installations.
Get a customized vinyl or wood deck and dock combination for a perfect waterfront solution.​

“Decks, docks, bulkheads, lifts, hoists and more, we cater to all your custom needs.



Now offering sales and installation of the revolutionary TideSlide Mooring Products and Systems.

http://www.tideslide.com/


Contact will be a clone of mine.


Gallery Pics


